---
layout: post
title:  "The daily Dose of Doplamine"
date:   2017-12-02 08:10:45 +0200
categories: jekyll update
---
There was this thought. Thought of failing miserably in life. 
As I was sitting near a coffee shop I saw two workers working on a construction site.  
The amount of work they are doing to make a house in which we the people who may  "succeed" in
life could live in is incomprehensible. 
so did they failed in life because they are doing what 
our parents told us or warned us "if you will not study you will become like them".
I had a friend who jumped from his terrace but got saved by whoever grace
I don't know and before doing that he wrote in his note, "it's too much"
Point is I don't know how people should distract themselves 
from the fear of failing miserably or from a heartbreak or anything of that sort.
I don't know what meme will fill something so empty. 
I have no idea what order of words will make you breathe a sigh of relief. 
I still wonder, after how many likes in your posts you will feel worthy.
when I look around all I see is people laughing at others or 
themselves cracking jokes about others insecurities or at there misery.
Go watch more movies and cry secretly, because that's the only way we feel grief.
Go to Mc Donald's and take pictures go to mountains and take selfies and upload stories,
because you need to tell others that you are alive, breathing life. 
Don't read books, but instead read flash fiction on Instagram by people like me who hide behind fancy talk, 
spewing words after words as an escape. 
Use relevant hashtags, or how will people even know that you exist?
maintain your Instagram facebook snap chat profiles.
Upload carefully curated Instagram, WhatsApp stories
and remember to make fun of anything that remotely tries to make you feel something.
And when you realize you can't feel anymore, 
don't break down you are too cool to feel those things. Google for more self-help quotes, 
rant to everyone you know and love only when its convenient for you. 
And when you feel sad don't worry upload something like this. 
wait a minute or two and see heart and likes will pour in. And there- your daily dose of dopamine.

