---
layout: post
title:  "Dear Future Love"
date:   2018-01-05 08:10:45 +0200
categories: jekyll update
---


Dear future love,  
Wassup, how are you? I wanted to tell you something you know?  
okay, I am an old school romantic. All of me is filled with the hope of 'happily ever after'  so don't tell me you weren't warned.  
I mean it when I say that we’ve to dance awkwardly to High Hopes by Kodaline.   
And when we have our first fight, I can’t throw things around because that will make me think I am my own demon. And that looks like the kind of memory I wouldn’t want to have.  
And you can’t cry in every movie because that’s so cliched that I cringe even while writing about it.   
Now listen,  
All we have to do is to create good memories so that when we get lost somewhere in between we won't cry.  
instead, we laugh and shout at every vehicle that passes by.  
we will be our memories.  
so when I say you cant leave me without giving a notice period I mean it.  
we will also have our hard times but listen we just have to sit next to each other and wait for a while we will get better I promise.  
I am good at poetry and empathy. I will give you the right words when you cant find any. I will stay up with you when you will have your sleepless nights. I promise.  
I will be there for you.  
In return, you just have to help me with my complex mathematic equations. and remember I love my coffee hard and books paperback.  
I believe in 'forever'. So there is no hurry take your time while you're looking for me but remember when you finally arrive just make sure that you will stay forever.  
waiting for you always,  
Raj.
